= Summary

:toc:
:toclevels: 3
:numbered:

//include::topics/templates/document-attributes.adoc[]

:imagesdir: images
//:admin-guide:

= Keycloak Reference Guide

// Preface
== Preface

In some of the example listings, what is meant to be displayed on one line does not fit inside the available page width.These lines have been broken up. A '\' at the end of a line means that a break has been introduced to fit in the page, with the following lines indented.
So: 

[source]
----
Let's pretend to have an extremely \
long line that \
does not fit
This one is short
----         
Is really: 

[source]
----
Let's pretend to have an extremely long line that does not fit
This one is short
----      

 . link:modules/Overview.adoc[Overview]


// Overview
include::modules/Overview.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

// Installation and Configuration of Keycloak Server
include::modules/server-installation.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

// Providers and SPIs
include::modules/providers.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

//  Running Keycloak Server on OpenShift
include::modules/openshift.adoc[leveloffset=+0]

// Master Admin Access Control
include::modules/admin-permissions.adoc[leveloffset=+0]

// Per Realm Admin Access Control
include::modules/per-realm-admin-permissions.adoc[leveloffset=+0]

//  Adapters
include::modules/adapter-config.adoc[leveloffset=+0]
include::modules/jboss-adapter.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::modules/tomcat-adapter.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::modules/jetty9-adapter.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::modules/jetty8-adapter.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::modules/servlet-filter-adapter.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::modules/fuse-adapter.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::modules/javascript-adapter.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::modules/spring-boot-adapter.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::modules/spring-security-adapter.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::modules/installed-applications.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::modules/logout.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::modules/adapter_error_handling.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::modules/multi-tenancy.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::modules/jaas.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

// Client Registration
include::modules/client-registration.adoc[leveloffset=+0]

// Identity Broker
include::modules/identity-broker.adoc[leveloffset=+0]

// Themes
include::modules/themes.adoc[leveloffset=+0]

// Recaptcha Support on Registration
include::modules/recaptcha.adoc[leveloffset=+0]

// Email
include::modules/email.adoc[leveloffset=+0]

// Client Access Types
include::modules/access-types.adoc[leveloffset=+0]

// Roles
include::modules/roles.adoc[leveloffset=+0]

// Groups
include::modules/groups.adoc[leveloffset=+0]

// Direct Access Grants
include::modules/direct-access.adoc[leveloffset=+0]

// Service Accounts
include::modules/service-accounts.adoc[leveloffset=+0]

// CORS
include::modules/cors.adoc[leveloffset=+0]

// Cookie settings, Session Timeouts, and Token Lifespans
include::modules/timeouts.adoc[leveloffset=+0]

// Admin REST API
include::modules/admin-rest-api.adoc[leveloffset=+0]

// Events
include::modules/events.adoc[leveloffset=+0]

// User Federation SPI and LDAP/AD Integration
include::modules/user-federation.adoc[leveloffset=+0]

// Kerberos brokering
include::modules/kerberos.adoc[leveloffset=+0]

// Export and Import
include::modules/export-import.adoc[leveloffset=+0]

// Server Cache
include::modules/cache.adoc[leveloffset=+0]

// SAML SSO
include::modules/saml.adoc[leveloffset=+0]

// Security Vulnerabilities
include::modules/security-vulnerabilities.adoc[leveloffset=+0]

// Clustering
include::modules/clustering.adoc[leveloffset=+0]

// Application Clustering
include::modules/application-clustering.adoc[leveloffset=+0]

// Keycloak Security Proxy
include::modules/proxy.adoc[leveloffset=+0]

// Custom User Attributes
include::modules/custom-attributes.adoc[leveloffset=+0]

//  OIDC Token and SAML Assertion Mappings
include::modules/protocol-mappers.adoc[leveloffset=+0]

//  Custom Authentication, Registration, and Required Actions
include::modules/auth-spi.adoc[leveloffset=+0]	

//  Migration from older versions
include::modules/MigrationFromOlderVersions.adoc[leveloffset=+0]


